---
title: Endless Terms of Use
date: |
  Last Updated: 25 April 2022
mainfont: sans-serif
fontsize: 11pt;
header-includes: |
  <style>
  body {
    max-width: 1024px;
  }
  .highlight {
    background: yellow;
  }
  p.highlight, div.highlight {
    border: 2px solid black;
  }
  </style>
---

Thank you for your selection of an Endless OS Foundation LLC
("**Endless**", "**we**," or "**us**") product. Endless was created to
inspire and to empower, and so we strive to appreciate and respect our
users.

These Terms of Use (the "**Terms**") are a legally binding contract
between you and Endless regarding your use of the Software and Services.
The Terms will govern your use of the Endless operating system (the
"**OS**"), the Endless and third-party programs included with or made
available for the OS (the "**Apps**"), and other services provided by us
such as online communications, identity, and distribution of additional
materials, Apps and Updates (the **"Services**").

<p class=highlight>
Please read these Terms carefully. By clicking "accept" you acknowledge
that you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by the Terms.
</p>

If you do not agree to these Terms, then please do not use the Software
or the Services. If you acquired a device with the Software pre-loaded
and do not agree to these Terms, you should return the device (including
all accessories and materials provided with it) to the retailer where
you purchased it and request a refund of the purchase price.

<p class=highlight>
These Terms include an arbitration agreement, by which you agree that
binding arbitration will resolve all disputes between you and Endless.
Your rights will be determined by a neutral arbitrator, not a judge; and
your claims cannot be brought as a class action. Please review Section
15. below for further details.
</p>

1.  **License to Endless Software and Updates.**

    1.  **Software**. Unless specifically noted otherwise in writing,
        the OS, Apps, Updates (as defined below), and other materials
        distributed to you in connection with the Services (together,
        the "**Software**") are licensed and are not sold. All Software
        is provided to you subject to a limited, individual, revocable,
        non-exclusive, non-transferrable, and non-assignable personal
        license to use the Software, subject to your compliance with
        these Terms. Endless reserves all rights to the Software not
        granted expressly in these Terms.

    2.  **Updates**. From time to time, Endless may, at its own
        discretion, create updates, upgrades, enhancements or bug fixes
        (collectively "**Updates**") to the Software, and make such
        Updates available to you. The Software may automatically
        download and install Updates without user confirmation, and
        Updates may modify or remove certain functionality.

    3.  **Copying and Distribution**. You may copy and distribute the
        Software as described by any of the following clauses.

        1.  **Personal & Non-Commercial Use**: We encourage you to
            download and install the Software for personal use, or in
            non-commercial settings such as public, educational or
            non-profit institutions. You are permitted to install the
            Software on one or more devices for these purposes. Such
            installations must be made using installation methods
            outlined in our documentation; except as set out within
            the Terms, modifications to the Software are not
            permitted.

        2.  **Physical Redistribution**: You may redistribute pristine,
            unmodified copies of the Software on physical media such
            as CD/DVD, USB disk or SD/MMC card. If you wish, you may
            charge a nominal fee to the end user to defray your costs
            related to the media. No commercial agreement with Endless
            is needed.

        3.  **Online Redistribution**: You may redistribute pristine,
            unmodified copies of the Software online by becoming a
            public mirror or by utilizing our BitTorrent tracker.

2.  **Eligibility**. You represent and warrant to us that you are
    legally able to contract with us, or that if you are under age, a
    legal guardian, tutor or parent has agreed to the terms. If you are
    using the Software or Services on behalf of an entity, organization,
    or company, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to
    bind that entity, organization, or company to these Terms and you
    agree to be bound by these Terms on behalf of that entity,
    organization, or company.

3.  **Content Disclaimer**. When using the Software or Services you may
    be exposed to content from a variety of third party sources,
    including the internet. You acknowledge that such content may be
    inaccurate, offensive, indecent or objectionable, and you waive any
    legal or equitable rights or remedies you may have against Endless
    with respect to such content.

4.  **Data Collection.**

    1.  **Default.** Certain information is reported to Endless
        periodically by the Software. This information includes the
        version of the OS which was installed and is currently being
        used, the device that is being used to run the OS and its
        approximate location, how the OS was installed, and how long the
        OS has been installed on that device.

    2.  **Optional.** Additional information may be reported to Endless
        periodically by the Software's user metrics system. To enable
        and disable this system, use the "Privacy" settings in the OS
        control center.

    3.  **Data Usage.** Endless may process and use the data it collects
        about your usage (collectively, the Usage Information), and may
        share the Usage Information in an anonymous and aggregate form
        with third parties including, but not limited to, current and
        potential content providers, app developers and, in the specific
        case of the devices involved in their deployments, partners who
        are deploying the Software in educational or other charitable
        settings. In addition, when legally required, Usage Information
        may be shared with government agencies.

5.  **Prohibited Conduct**. You will not:

    1.  use the Software or Services for any fraudulent or illegal
        purpose, or in violation of any local, state, national, or
        international law;

    2.  violate the rights of third parties, including by infringing or
        misappropriating third-party intellectual property rights;

    3.  attempt to do any of the foregoing in this Section 5., or assist
        or permit any persons in engaging or attempting to engage in any
        of the activities described in this Section 5..

6.  **Termination of Use; Discontinuation and Modification of the
    Service**. If you violate any provision of these Terms, your
    permission to use the Software and Services will terminate
    automatically. You may terminate these Terms at any time by
    contacting us at
    [legal@endlessos.org](mailto:legal@endlessos.org). If
    you terminate these Terms, you will remain obligated to pay all
    outstanding fees, if any, relating to your use of the Software or
    Services incurred prior to termination. Upon termination of these
    Terms, you will cease all use of the Software and Services.
    Additionally, Endless, in its sole discretion may suspend or
    terminate your access to the Services at any time, with or without
    notice. We also reserve the right to modify or discontinue providing
    the Services at any time (including, without limitation, by limiting
    or discontinuing certain features of the Services) without notice to
    you.

7.  **Additional Terms**. Your use of the Software and Services is
    subject to any and all additional terms, policies, rules, or
    guidelines applicable to the Software and Services or certain
    features we may provide now or in the future (the "**Additional
    Terms**"), such as end-user license agreements for any Apps that we
    may offer, or rules applicable to particular features or content on
    the Services, subject to Section 9. below. The Additional Terms may
    require you to agree to them from time to time in order to continue
    use of the Software and Services. All such Additional Terms are
    hereby incorporated by reference into, and made a part of, these
    Terms.

8.  **Languages and Localization**. In the event of a dispute between
    the English version of these terms and any translated versions, the
    [English](../../../../../../../../usr/share/eos-license-service/terms/eos/C/Terms-of-Use.pdf)
    version will govern, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law.
    The Software and Services, including Third Party Software, may not
    be available in all languages or in all countries, and Endless makes
    no representation that the Software and Services are appropriate or
    available for use in any particular location.

9.  **Third Party Software and Open Source**.

    1.  **Third Party Terms**. The Software contains materials,
        including software code, provided by third parties ("**Third
        Party Software**") subject to separate license terms (the
        "**Third Party Terms**"). Endless has no obligation to provide
        updates, maintenance, warranty, technical or other support or
        services for Third Party Software or third-party services. Your
        use of the Third Party Software in conjunction with the Software
        in a manner consistent with the Terms is permitted. You may have
        broader rights under the applicable Third Party Terms and
        nothing in the Terms is intended to impose further restrictions
        on your use of the Third Party Software. In addition to Sections
        9.3. and 9.4. below, you can find certain required notices and
        other information regarding Third Party Software, including open
        source software, [here](http://localhost:3010/).

    2.  **Open Source Modification**. Endless makes available some of
        the open source components included in the Third Party Software
        on our public GitHub account, located at
        <https://github.com/endlessm>. Endless does not represent or
        warrant that the licensing information provided is correct or
        error-free, and we encourage you to notify us of any inaccurate
        information. If you make modifications to any open source
        software contained in the Software, Endless updates may
        overwrite such modifications without warning.

    3.  **Google**. Use of Google Inc.'s software and services in the
        Software is subject to the Google terms of service
        (<http://www.google.com/terms_of_service.html>) and to Google's
        privacy policy (<http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html>).

    4.  **GNU**. Certain Third Party Software included in the Software
        is licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License
        (GPL) or the GNU Library/Lesser General Public License (LGPL).
        The GPL/LGPL software is distributed in the hope that it will be
        useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, without even the implied
        warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
        A copy of the GPL and LGPL is included with the Software. If you
        would like a copy of the GPL source code used in the Software,
        please contact Endless as provided in Section 9.5. below.

    5.  **Source Code Requests**. Certain Third Party Terms, such as the
        GNU General Public License, GNU Lesser (or Library) General
        Public License, and Mozilla Public License, require Endless to
        make available the source code corresponding to free and open
        source binaries distributed under those Third Party Terms
        without charge except for the costs of media, shipping and
        handling. If you would like to receive a copy of such source
        code, submit a request to Endless:

        - **By postal mail**:

          | Endless OS Foundation LLC
          | Attn: FOSS Requests
          | 24A Trolley Square \# 2319
          | Wilmington, DE 19806
          | USA

        - **By email**: 
          [legal@endlessos.org](mailto:legal@endlessm.com)

        Please include the following in your requests:

        -   the Software packages for which you are requesting source code;
        -   the OS and version number with which the requested Software was
            distributed;
        -   an email address and/or phone number at which we may contact you
            regarding the request (if available); and
        -   the postal address for delivery of the requested source code.

        We will make commercially reasonable efforts to honor your valid
        requests in a timely manner.

10. **Indemnity.** You agree that you will be solely responsible for
    your use of the Software and Services, and you agree to defend,
    indemnify, and hold harmless Endless and its officers, directors,
    employees, consultants, affiliates, subsidiaries, retailers and
    agents (collectively, the "**Endless Entities**") from and against
    any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses,
    including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, arising out of or
    in any way connected with: (a) your access to, use of, or alleged
    use of the Software and Services; (b) your violation of (i) these
    Terms or any representation, warranty, or agreements referenced in
    the Terms, (ii) Third Party Terms, or (iii) any applicable law or
    regulation; (c) your modifications to open source Third Party
    Software (d) your violation of any third-party right, including
    without limitation any intellectual property right, publicity,
    confidentiality, property or privacy right; or (e) any disputes or
    issues between you and any third party. We reserve the right, at our
    own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any
    matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you (and without
    limiting your indemnification obligations with respect to such
    matter), and in such case, you agree to cooperate with our defense
    of such claim.

11. **Disclaimers; No Warranties**

<div class=highlight>
The Software, Services and any device hardware, and all materials and
content available through the Software and Services, are provided "as
is" and on an "as available" basis, without warranty or condition of
any kind, whether express, implied, or statutory. The Endless Entities
specifically (but without limitation) disclaim all warranties of any
kind, whether express or implied, relating to the Software and Services
and all materials and content available through the Software and
Services, including but not limited to: (a) any implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, satisfactory
quality, accuracy, performance, quiet enjoyment, or non-infringement;
and (b) any warranties arising out of course of dealing, usage, or
trade. The Endless Entities do not warrant against interference with
your enjoyment of the Software or Services, that the functions contained
in or services performed or provided by Endless will meet your
requirements or expectations, that any services will continue to be made
available, that the Software or Services will be compatible or work with
any third-party software, applications, or third-party services, that
the Software or Services or any part thereof will be uninterrupted,
secure, or free of errors, defects, viruses, or other harmful
components, or that any of the foregoing will be corrected. Endless does
not warrant or represent that the Software will be compatible with any
operating systems, applications, or hardware provided by third parties.
Installation or use of the Software may affect the usability of
third-party software, applications, or third-party services.

You assume all risk for all damages that may result from your use of or
access to the Services, your dealings with other Services users, and any
materials or content available through the Services. You understand and
agree that you use the Services and use, access, download, or otherwise
obtain materials or content through the Services and any associated
sites or services at your own discretion and risk, and you will be
solely responsible for any damage to your property (including your
computer system used in connection with the service) or loss of data
that results from the use of the Service or the download or use of such
materials or content.

You acknowledge that the Software and Services are not intended or
suitable for use in situations or environments where the failure or time
delays of, or errors or inaccuracies in the content, data, or
information provided by the software or service could lead to death,
personal injury, fire or severe physical or environmental damage,
including without limitations the operation of nuclear facilities,
aircraft navigation or communication systems, air traffic control, motor
vehicles, life support, or weapons systems.

No oral or written information or advice provided by Endless or its
authorized representatives will create any warranties not expressly set
forth in these terms. If the Software or Services prove defective and
thereby incur any damage, you assume the entire cost of all necessary
servicing, repair, or correction.

Some jurisdictions may prohibit some disclaimers of warranties and you
may have other rights that vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. To
find about more about your rights, you should contact a local consumer
organization, consumer protection authority, or attorney.
</div>

12. **Limitation of Liability**

<div class=highlight>
In no event will the Endless Entities be liable to you for any indirect,
incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages (including,
without limitation, damages due to business interruption, moral damages,
loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, including corruption of data or
failure to transmit or receive any data or information, or other
intangible losses) arising out of or relating to your access to or use
of, your inability to access or use, or changes to, the Software or
Services or any materials or content on the Software or Services,
whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence),
statute or any other legal theory, whether or not the Endless Entities
have been informed of the possibility of such damage.

You agree that the aggregate liability of the Endless Entities to you
for any and all claims arising out of or relating to the use of or any
inability to use the service (including any materials or content
available through the service, temporarily or permanently) or otherwise
under these terms, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, is limited
to \$50 United States Dollars or the amount you paid for the Service,
whichever is smaller.

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability
for consequential or incidental damages. Accordingly, if that is the
case, and only to that extent, the above limitation may not apply to
you.

Each provision of these terms that provides for a limitation of
liability, disclaimer of warranties, or exclusion of damages is agreed
to allocate the risks under these terms between the parties. This
allocation is an essential element of the basis of the bargain between
the parties. Each of these provisions is severable and independent of
all other provisions of these terms. The limitations in this section 12.
will apply even if any limited remedy fails of its essential purpose.
</div>

13. **Export**. Endless's Software and Services may be subject to
    domestic and foreign export and reexport control laws and
    regulations. You will comply with all applicable export and reexport
    control laws and regulations, including both domestic and foreign
    controls. Specifically, you warrant that you are: (a) not located in
    Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, or Syria; and (b) not a denied party
    as specified in domestic or foreign regulations. You will not,
    directly or indirectly, sell, export, reexport, transfer, divert, or
    otherwise dispose of any products, software, or technology
    (including products derived from or based on such technology)
    received from Endless to any destination, entity, or person
    prohibited by applicable laws or regulations, including those of any
    other country from which the product has been exported, without
    obtaining prior authorization from the competent government
    authorities as required by those laws and regulations.

14. **General.** These Terms, together with any other agreements
    expressly incorporated by reference herein, constitute the entire
    and exclusive understanding and agreement between you and Endless
    regarding your use of and access to the Software and Services. You
    may not assign or transfer these Terms or your rights hereunder, in
    whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without our
    prior written consent. We may assign these Terms at any time without
    notice. The failure to require performance of any provision will not
    affect our right to require performance at any time thereafter, nor
    shall a waiver of any breach or default of these Terms or any
    provision of these Terms constitute a waiver of any subsequent
    breach or default or a waiver of the provision itself. Use of
    section headers in these Terms is for convenience only and shall not
    have any impact on the interpretation of particular provisions. If
    any part of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the
    unenforceable part shall be given effect to the greatest extent
    possible and the remaining parts will remain in full force and
    effect. Upon termination of these Terms Sections 2.-3. and 5.-17.
    will survive.

15. **Dispute Resolution and Arbitration**

    1.  **Generally.** <span class=highlight>This contract contains an arbitration agreement. In
        the interest of resolving disputes between you and Endless in
        the most expedient and cost effective manner, you and Endless
        agree that any and all disputes arising in connection with these
        Terms shall be resolved by binding arbitration. Arbitration is
        more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a
        neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, may allow for
        more limited discovery than in court, and can be subject to very
        limited review by courts. Arbitrators can award the same damages
        and relief that a court can award. Our agreement to arbitrate
        disputes includes, but is not limited to all claims arising out
        of or relating to any aspect of these Terms, whether based in
        contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other
        legal theory, and regardless of whether the claims arise during
        or after the termination of these Terms. You understand and
        agree that, by entering into these terms, you and Endless are
        each waiving the right to a trial or to participate in a class
        action.</span>

    2.  **Exceptions**. Notwithstanding subsection 15.1., nothing herein
        will be deemed to waive, preclude, or otherwise limit either of
        our right to: (a) pursue enforcement actions through applicable
        federal, state, or local agencies where such actions are
        available; and (b) seek injunctive relief, to the extent
        permitted by law or in connection with the arbitration, in a
        court of law.

    3.  **Arbitrator**. Any arbitration between you and Endless will be
        governed by the Commercial Dispute Resolution Procedures and the
        Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes
        (collectively, "**AAA Rules**") of the American Arbitration
        Association ("**AAA**"), as modified by these Terms, and will
        be administered by the AAA. The AAA Rules and filing forms are
        available online at www.adr.org, by calling the AAA at
        1-800-778-7879, or by contacting Endless.

    4.  **Notice; Process**. A party who intends to seek arbitration
        must first send a written notice of the dispute to the other, by
        certified mail or Federal Express (signature required), or if we
        do not have a physical address on file for you, by electronic
        mail ("**Notice**"). Endless's address for Notice is: Endless
        OS Foundation LLC, 24A Trolley Square \# 2319, Wilmington, DE
        19806, USA. The Notice must (a) describe the nature and basis of
        the claim or dispute; and (b) set forth the specific relief
        sought ("**Demand**"). We agree to use good faith efforts to
        resolve the claim directly, but if we do not reach an agreement
        to do so within 30 calendar days after the Notice is received,
        you or Endless may commence an arbitration proceeding. During
        the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by you
        or Endless shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after
        the arbitrator makes a final decision and award, if any. If our
        dispute is finally resolved through arbitration in your favor,
        Endless shall pay you (I) the amount awarded by the arbitrator,
        if any, or (II) the last written settlement amount offered by
        Endless in settlement of the dispute prior to the arbitrator's
        award, whichever is greater.

    5.  **No Class Actions**. <span class=highlight>You and Endless agree that each may bring
        claims against the other only in your or its individual capacity
        and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or
        representative proceeding. Further, unless both you and Endless
        agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than
        one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form
        of a representative or class proceeding.</span>

    6.  **Modifications**. We may revise these Terms at any time without
        notice. By continuing to use the Software and Services after you
        have been notified of a modification, you are agreeing to be
        bound by the modified version of these Terms.

    7.  **Enforceability**. If Subsection 15.5. is found to be
        unenforceable or if the entirety of this Section 15. is found to
        be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Section 15. shall be
        null and void and, in such case, the parties agree that the
        exclusive jurisdiction and venue described in Section 18. shall
        govern any action arising out of or related to these Terms.

16. **Consent to Electronic Communications**. By using the Software and
    Services, you consent to receiving certain electronic communications
    from us. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or
    other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy
    any legal communication requirements, including any requirements
    that such communications be in writing.

17. **Notices and Contact.** Except as set forth in Sections 9. and 15.,
    all notices to Endless must be sent to Endless OS Foundation LLC,
    24A Trolley Square \# 2319, Wilmington, DE 19806, USA by certified
    mail, and will be deemed given upon receipt by Endless. All notices
    by Endless to you will be sent to the email address you have made
    available to Endless, and will be deemed given on the day sent. If
    you are a California resident, you may have these Terms mailed to
    you electronically by sending a letter to the foregoing address with
    your electronic mail address and a request for these Terms.

18. **Governing Law**. These Terms shall be governed by the laws of the
    State of California without regard to conflict of law principles. To
    the extent that any lawsuit or court proceeding is permitted
    hereunder and not legally subject to arbitration under the
    applicable laws, then in that case you and Endless agree to submit
    to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts and
    federal courts located within San Francisco County, California for
    the purpose of litigating all such disputes.
